## Aspen LiDA Updates
### Hold Updates
- Updated duplicate hold text to correctly change color based on light or dark mode. (DIS-1092) (*KK*)
- Updated duplicate hold text to allow for translation. (DIS-1092) (*KK*)

### Local ILL Updates
- Requests for titles within volumes are now sent to the Aspen Discovery Materials Request System, an External Request System, or the user is prompted for information depending on settings within Aspen Discovery. (DIS-1115) (*MDN*)

### Login Updates
- Remember last used card number for a user to make login faster after an initial login. (DIS-1130) (*MDN*)
- If login fails for an unknown reason, display an error message and allow the user to try again. (DIS-1140) (*MDN*)

### Reading History Updates
- Add search box to allow users to search their reading history by title, author, or format. (DIS-1118) (*KK*)
- Update default page size in functions to match default page size on the reading history screen for improved caching. (DIS-1118) (*MDN*)

### Search Updates
- Fix bug where the current page value was not resetting if the search term was updated. (DIS-973) (*KK*)

### Other Updates
- Update Expo system and related components to SDK 53. (DIS-1054) (*MDN*, *KK*)
- Migrated the following screens to GlueStack UI from NativeBase UI as a result of SDK 53 upgrades: Event, Permissions Prompt, Self Checkout, More Menu, Translation Switcher, Lists, Linked Accounts, Authentication (anything before logging in), Holds, Checkouts, Reading History. (*KK*)
- Minimize the possibility that users are force logged out by increasing timeout, checking for timeouts, and refreshing profile rather than reloading the profile. (DIS-276) (*MDN*)
- Add error trapping for Sentry initialization. (DIS-1054) (*MDN*)
- Add additional logging to the login process. (DIS-1054) (*MDN*)
- Remove unused packages from package.json. (*MDN*)
- Fixed an issue where the first loading message displayed the English default instead of the translated version during app startup. (DIS-1114) (*LS*)
- Updated various files to meet the specifications of the GlueStack UI. (DIS-1206) (*LS*)
